Fix proffered username sso configuration (#243)
Aiven-Open/klaw-docs: docs/authentication-authorization/authentication/third-party-account.md

   The `imageURI` property specifies the URL of the logo image. The image must be uploaded to
   the `assets/images/clients` folder before you can use this property.

7. Each SSO provider can have a different "preferred username" attribute that identifies your user correctly.

>    Check your provider's documentation and select the attribute that defines the email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Check your provider's documentation and select the attribute that defines the username/login name.
```

   Update this attribute in the `application.properties` file, replacing 'preferred_username' with their attribute.

>    `klaw.ad.username.attribute=preferred_username`

Reviewer: We can update this pr abit based on the pr https://github.com/Aiven-Open/klaw/pull/2556
